# Challenge #01

1. NodeJS is JavaScript outside of the browser.
2. JavaScript comes installed inside of the browser.
3. Before NodeJS we could use JavaScript on the frontend only.
4. NPM is installed along with NodeJS.
5. The purpose of NPM is to share and download JS packages.
6. `package.json` is where we put information about our NodeJS project.
7. `npm init` command helps us **create a `package.json`**.
8. the 'author', 'description' field in the `package.json` is not required for the project to run.
9. `npm run {name}` command **runs** the {name} script from package.json.
10. `npm i` equals `npm install`
11. `npm i {package name}` command install a package named {package name} from NPM into project.
12. After installing a package, the package will be downloaded to the `node_modules` folder.
13. `node_modules` folder is where the downloaded packages will be saved.
14. `node_modules` folder is automatically created.
15. 'dependency' on `package.json` is a package that project needs to run.
16. 'dependencies' are automatically added to package.json
17. `npm i` will download the 'dependencies' and 'devDependencies' in `package.json`.
18. `node_modules folder` should be shared when working on a team.
19. `node_modules folder` not to be uploaded to Github.
20. `node_modules folder` can be reinstalled using command `npm i`.
21. Babel takes code and turns it into compatible code.
22. A devDependency is a package that developer needs to code.
23. devDependencies and dependencies go to the node_modules folder.
24. Just cut & paste a package in package.json to move from dependencies to devDependencies.
    - `package.json` is just text file with specific format.
